A Vote for CabinfeverB as TiDB Reviewer (#770)
pingcap/community: votes/0764-CabinfeverB-as-tidb-reviewer.md

> # A Vote for CabinfeverB as TiDB Reviewer

Reviewer: Please fix the file name to match PR ID('0770').

## Proposal

> [@CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB) has been working on the related repositories like 'tikv/pd' for more than one year. ​He fixed some bugs related to TSO in the pd client to optimize recovery time. In recent months, he has been working on the feature `Resource Control` in TiDB. He was involved in resource group bug fixes, dynamic calibrate resource, runaway query management, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB) has been working on the related repositories like 'pingcap/tidb' for more than one year. ​He fixed some bugs related to TSO in the pd client to optimize recovery time. In recent months, he has been working on the feature `Resource Control` in TiDB. He was involved in resource group bug fixes, dynamic calibrate resource, runaway query management, etc.
```
